It's morning, they're leaving for Hong Kong
HaSeul : Good morning
HaSeul : It's 5:30 am
HeeJin : I'm going to watch a movie (in the airplane)
HaSeul : I'm going to sleep. I took an eye patch!
HeeJin : I think you're very thorough!
HeeJin : We'll see you at the airport later~
HaSeul : See you~
HeeJin : There's a vending machine that HyunJin really wanted to use
HyunJin : You know? Tasty cookies are always in a vending machine!
HyunJin : Because all vending machines are like that even in Korea
Manager : Hey, it took my money~
HaSeul, HeeJin : It took money...
HaSeul : It took the manager's money...
HaSeul : How should he fix the problem!
HeeJin : You're so mean~
Manager : Hey, how could this be?
HaSeul : He's mad at the vending machine!
Korean-English bilingual HaSeul is trying to fix it!
HaSeul : Eh..?!
HyunJin : It took again~
She knows English but failed again...
HyunJin : A broken machine needs to get hit, right?
But the vending machine isn't working though HyunJin tapped a coin slot...
HyunJin : phew...
HyunJin : I think the machine is stuffed now...